[Doc] Document  Grafana 12.4 changes (#5379)
percona/pmm: documentation/docs/reference/ui/ui_components.md

- **PMM Annotations**: Toggle visibility of important events on your timelines

These selectors change based on the dashboard you're viewing, showing only relevant options.

## Enable Explore metrics

> Explore metrics lets you visually browse and filter available metrics without writing PromQL queries. It is powered by the Grafana Metrics Drilldown plugin, which you can enable from the **Plugins** page:

Reviewer: It's the name of a menu item, should we italicize it, i.e. `_Explore metrics_ lets you...`

Author: "Explore metrics" here is functioning as a feature name/proper noun, not a UI label the user clicks on..

{.power-number}

> 1. Go to **Users and Access > Plugins and data > Plugins**.

Reviewer: I think the user would not be able to find `Plugins and data` from the main navigation - it's not visible. They have to type "plugins" in the search, then go to "Plugins and data". Let's update the flow.

<img width="324" height="301" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b284bcb2-69fd-4bf5-8a82-cf5f614d738e" />

Author: @ademidoff, there's a mismatch in the nav breadcrumbs, as if it would be under Administration:
<img width="1067" height="567" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8bdf8462-b986-4938-a7ce-e0e32f22c267" />
is this something we want to change?

2. Search for **Grafana Metrics Drilldown**.

> 3. Select the plugin and click **Enable**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the plugin and click **Install**.
```

> Once enabled, **Explore metrics** reappears under **Explore** in the left sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once installed, **Explore metrics** appears under **Explore** in the left sidebar.
```
